tngo application structure (#1035)
plotly/dash-docs: dash_docs/chapters/dash_enterprise/application_structure/runtime_list_py.md

```
python-2.7.10 (deprecated)
python-2.7.11 (deprecated)
python-2.7.12 (deprecated)
python-2.7.13 (deprecated)
python-2.7.14 (deprecated)
python-2.7.15 (deprecated)
python-2.7.16 (deprecated)
python-2.7.9 (deprecated)
python-3.6.0
python-3.6.1
python-3.6.2
python-3.6.3
python-3.6.4
python-3.6.5
python-3.6.6
python-3.6.7
python-3.6.8
python-3.6.9
python-3.6.10
python-3.7.0
python-3.7.1
python-3.7.2
python-3.7.3
python-3.7.4
python-3.7.5
python-3.7.6
python-3.8.0
python-3.8.1
python-3.8.2

> 

Reviewer: Update this to include the new versions supported in 4.1.0. And enumerate which versions are supported for 4.0.1 too.

```

>The default version of Python may be updated in newer versions Dash Enterprise. 
>This allows Dash Enterprise to automatically manage & upgrade security updates of the Python 
>version used in your apps.

> >Python 2 is deprecated. Dash Enterprise no longer supports 
> >Python 2 as of January 1, 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Python 2 is deprecated. Dash Enterprise will no longer 
>Python 2 in the future.
```

```
python-2.7.10 (deprecated)
python-2.7.11 (deprecated)
python-2.7.12 (deprecated)
python-2.7.13 (deprecated)
python-2.7.14 (deprecated)
python-2.7.15 (deprecated)
python-2.7.16 (deprecated)
python-2.7.9 (deprecated)
python-3.6.0
python-3.6.1

> python-3.6.10

Reviewer: Move `10` after `9`
